DataGrid: Update Infinite Scrolling description (#39)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/DataGrid/InfiniteScrolling/description.md

> Infinite scrolling enables users to scroll records page by page, but pages cannot be skipped. Each next page is loaded once the scrollbar reaches the end of its scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the **DataGrid** component works with a large dataset, you can enable infinite scrolling to optimize data loading and navigation. The component initially displays one page of rows. When users scroll the view to the end, the **DataGrid** loads one more page and so on. Users can only load pages sequentially and cannot skip to arbitrary positions in the dataset.
```

> If the **DataGrid** component works with a large dataset, you can enable infinite scrolling to optimize data loading and navigation. The component initially displays one page of rows. When users scroll the view to the end, the **DataGrid** loads one more page and so on. Users can only load pages sequentially and cannot skip to arbitrary positions in the dataset.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the **DataGrid** component is bound to a large dataset, you can enable infinite scroll mode to optimize data load times and improve user navigation. The component initially displays one page of rows. When users scroll to the end of the view, the **DataGrid** loads an additional page. Users can only load pages sequentially and cannot skip to arbitrary positions within the dataset.
```

> To enable infinite scrolling, set the **scrolling**.[mode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/scrolling/#mode) to *"infinite"*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable infinite scroll mode, set the **scrolling**.[mode](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxDataGrid/Configuration/scrolling/#mode) to *"infinite"*.
```

> In this demo, the **DataGrid** is bound to a dataset of 100,000 records. Scroll to the last loaded record, and the next page of records will be loaded.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this demo, the **DataGrid** is bound to a dataset of 100,000 records. Scroll to the last record to load the next page of records.
```
